nrf_cc3xx 0.9.21 (#2104)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: crypto/doc/CHANGELOG_cc3xx_platform.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

nrf_cc3xx_platform - 0.9.21
***************************

New version of the library with the following features:

 * Refactored CTR_DRBG and HMAC_DRBG and entropy to remove internal dependency on legacy Mbed TLS crypto toolbox APIs

>  * Refactored key derivation to remove internal dependency on legacy Mbed TLS crypto toolbox APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Restructured the code for ``CTR_DRBG`` and ``HMAC_DRBG`` and entropy to remove internal dependency on legacy Mbed TLS crypto toolbox APIs.
 * Restructured the code for key derivation to remove internal dependency on legacy Mbed TLS crypto toolbox APIs.
```
